[Profiling] Improve docs on how to manage storage (#3247)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/profiling-manage-storage.asciidoc

[[profiling-manage-storage]]
= Manage Storage

> Universal Profiling uses lifecycle management to automatically age data. It ships with a default index lifecycle policy but it is possible to customize the index lifecycle to your requirements. With <<profiling-probabilistic-profiling, probabilistic profiling>> it is possible to configure the Universal Profiling agent to run in probabilistic profiling mode and reduce storage even further.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Universal Profiling provides the following ways to manage how your data is stored. 

* <<profiling-index-lifecycle-management, Index lifecycle management>> automatically manages your indices according to age or size metric thresholds. Universal Profiling ships with a default index lifecycle policy, but you can create a custom policy to meet your requirements. 
* <<profiling-probabilistic-profiling, Probabilistic profiling>> mode uses representative samples of profiling data to reduce storage needs even further.

```
